{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww15000\viewh13460\viewkind0
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Ashkelon Repository Manager\

\f1\b0\fs20 \
A. Brief Description:\
\
Manages a Java Documentation Repository.\
For more information, visit http://sourceforge.net/projects/ashkelon/\
\
B. Discussion\
\
Ashkelon Manager is a tool for managing Java package and API information and documentation.  Its usage is similar to Sun's javadoc but its function is very different.  Instead of generating HTML (or other types of)  documents, it persists all information in a repository, conceptually similar to how cvs manages source code.\
\
Ashkelon Manager can be used to add, remove Java packages and/or classes from the repository.  Unlike javadoc, packages can be added and removed incrementally.  In addition, it can also be used to list all java packages that currently exist in the repository.  Ashkelon Manager is careful to preserve all Java programming element interrelationships.  That is, its underlying schema can be used to later retrieve useful information about Java programs including but not limited to queries such as:\
\
\pard\li720\fi-360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 list all static members in a package or class\
list all methods in all packages that return a value of type x\
list all methods starting with the keyword "get"\
list all constructors that require an argument of type x\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
C. Basic Usage:\
\
\pard\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs16 \cf0   ashkelon [add [javadoc options] <items> | remove <names> | reset | list]\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
    add      Add items to repository where items is the names of packages\
             and/or source files to be added to the repository\
\
    remove   Remove names from repository.  A name is the fully\
             qualified name of a java package, class, or interface\
\
    reset    Reset repository (i.e. delete everything, use with care)\
\
    list     List package names currently existing in the repository\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\sl200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 D. Comments\
\
The wonderful insight of the designers of javadoc was the need to separate the task of parsing source code from that of generating documentation.  What I believe to be the wonderful insight of Ashkelon is the idea of persisting this parsed information in a manner that can later be used to aid developers and students of the Java programming language in their development and learning tasks, respectively.\
\
\
by Eitan Suez, March 2001\
\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\fs16 \cf0 Java and javadoc and Sun are trademarks of Sun Microsystems\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 ___________________\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\fs18 \cf0 Copyright UptoData Inc 2001\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \
\
}